the valencia puts an end to the year
2014 with a great victory that gets him
in zone champions league in the stadium
of ipurúa against one and bar that he wanted
end a great year a historic year for
them with good taste in the mouth but
final goal scored by paco alcácer el
tea balance was balanced for the
team led by a holy spirit
that took advantage of the absence of the party of
seville I had to play in this
day against Real Madrid could not
be due to participation in the
world club and therefore
valencia wins three points and gets
fourth first great opportunity for the
armorer team with that shot that
He pulled off dramatically
diego alves at half turn saw bakr and
It was very close to carry the
ball to the bottom of the net
a first part of where was the
pretty rugged game for example
on this play he saw the yellow card
to javi fire that will prevent him from being in the
next match against Real Madrid
the first game of the year for
Valencia
the team led by one that did not have
too many options until this play the
rodrigo ball of voltaire evo a tale
that was closing the defense failed and
at that time it seemed that control
It was too long for piatt and
final came the ball to paco alcácer that
scored 0 to 1 in the 31st minute of
match did not score goals league paco
Alcacer since the month of September had
spent a lot of time too much for a
front of its characteristics with such
potential that thus marked his fifth goal of
the season
the action that we do not see it with the error
extraordinary of derek boateng
from that valence moment that
had started the encounter with three
defenses with two lanes that were
facebook and piatti practically extreme
Well, he started
work to defend the result had
a good chance arruabarrena with that
ball hung to the area however the
lawn was not in the best condition and
damaged the captain's shot
eibar of the second part of valencia
could mark the second in a couple of
occasions for example is not with the
really fantastic combination between
álvaro negredo and paco alcácer at the end
the torrent forward that crossed
too much your shot
the eibar introduced very offensive changes
in the second part of the valencià everything
opposite and in this play was there
tremendously fast federico vaccari
to finish sending a center to the area
that I give alves to cheaters without
too many difficulties did not suffer
too valuable to retain your
goal but in fact only a great
opportunity in the match for eibar
and it was that shot that had to kill already in
the first time that cleared diego alves
It was raining a lot in eibar
the valence that also had another
very good approach to mark the
second with this action of Alvaro
negredo who played during the 90 minutes
accompanying paco reach from the
Attack of the team from the capital of
turia demonstrating that both if
can play together have had very few
minutes together this season with that
shot was close to valencià also
of the goal and dureta caught in two times
tricky shot because the vote
right in front of the great goalkeeper of
eibar last minute with eibar
really unleashed by conceding some
space for example in that raul error
navas and in the end barragán robbed him in the
possibility of shooting at Rodrigo where
the men who entered the second
time for the Valencian team finished
the meeting the great end of the year for
the valence
the eibar finishes putting an end to a
historical year and bar 0 valencia 1